README.md, before:

![](logo.png)

# Arch Linux i3-wm-based meta-distribution install script

mrczlnks is a free to use, minimalist Arch Linux i3wm-based meta-distribution install script.

It is specialized primarily in work and development tasks, but able to do all the cool things cool kids do these days ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

It is primarly designed for my own usage but free for you all to use and modify to fit your own purposes.

I will not **_fuggin'_** provide any support for this script because that's *my* script, and not *yours*, so you're advised! :beers: :kiss:

## Disclaimer

THIS PIECE OF SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY USAGE OF THIS SCRIPT, OR ANY IMPORTANT DISK ACCIDENTALLY FORMATTED BY THIS INSTALL SCRIPT, OR YOUR ENTIRE SYSTEM EXPLODING, OR WHATEVER. REALLY. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

### Usage

- Download the official Arch Linux .iso file from the official site download section ([here](https://www.archlinux.org/download/))
- Flash it onto an USB drive with softwares like Rufus, balenaEtcher and boot it in the system of choice
- Inside the live environment you should now connect to the internet using either ethernet or wifi as you like (use `wifi-menu` or `nmcli` as your preference), then download the latest script from this repository with the following command:

```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ilbuonmarcio/mrczlnks/master/install.sh
```

- Modify it to fit your own purposes (I suggest you to edit the proper disk to format, right partitions, change hostname, username, purge packages you don't need and so on, or do like [zetaemme](https://github.com/zetaemme/zls) and fork this repository as a base for your own install script!)

```bash
vim ./install.sh
```

- Change file permissions to make it executable

```bash
chmod 700 ./install.sh
```

- Execute install.sh script and insert data when prompted

```bash
./install.sh
```

Once the script finishes, you can `python detonate.py` your machine (just joking...), or just `reboot` the live environment and remove the USB drive previously inserted, and finally start using the new desktop experience you just installed!

### License

This software is released under MIT License.
Read LICENSE for more information.

Commit message:

Added mandatory step in enabling multilib repository

README.md, after:

![](logo.png)

# Arch Linux i3-wm-based meta-distribution install script

mrczlnks is a free to use, minimalist Arch Linux i3wm-based meta-distribution install script.

It is specialized primarily in work and development tasks, but able to do all the cool things cool kids do these days ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

It is primarly designed for my own usage but free for you all to use and modify to fit your own purposes.

I will not **_fuggin'_** provide any support for this script because that's *my* script, and not *yours*, so you're advised! :beers: :kiss:

## Disclaimer

THIS PIECE OF SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY USAGE OF THIS SCRIPT, OR ANY IMPORTANT DISK ACCIDENTALLY FORMATTED BY THIS INSTALL SCRIPT, OR YOUR ENTIRE SYSTEM EXPLODING, OR WHATEVER. REALLY. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

### Usage

- Download the official Arch Linux .iso file from the official site download section ([here](https://www.archlinux.org/download/))
- Flash it onto an USB drive with softwares like Rufus, balenaEtcher and boot it in the system of choice
- Inside the live environment you should now connect to the internet using either ethernet or wifi as you like (use `wifi-menu` or `nmcli` as your preference), then download the latest script from this repository with the following command:

```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ilbuonmarcio/mrczlnks/master/install.sh
```

- Modify it to fit your own purposes (I suggest you to edit the proper disk to format, right partitions, change hostname, username, purge packages you don't need and so on, or do like [zetaemme](https://github.com/zetaemme/zls) and fork this repository as a base for your own install script!)

```bash
vim ./install.sh
```

- Change file permissions to make it executable

```bash
chmod 700 ./install.sh
```

- Edit `/etc/pacman.conf` file, making sure [multilib] repository is enabled or it won't work!

- Execute install.sh script and insert data when prompted

```bash
./install.sh
```

Once the script finishes, you can `python detonate.py` your machine (just joking...), or just `reboot` the live environment and remove the USB drive previously inserted, and finally start using the new desktop experience you just installed!

### License

This software is released under MIT License.
Read LICENSE for more information.
